fix(curriculum): improve description of Greeting Card step 15 and 16 (#57672)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-greeting-card/673332a6b63f9f1e1f81ba9b.md

# --description--

Now you can do something similar to add the emoji also after the title. 

> Create an `h1::after` selector, give it a `content` property and set the value to `" 🥳"` (note there is a space before the emoji).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a selector that targets the pseudo-element `::after` of the `h1` element. Give it a `content` property and set its value to `" 🥳"` (note there is a space before the emoji).
```
Since they have already done the same thing in the previous step I would avoid to give them the selector

# --hints--

> You should have an `h1::after` selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have a `h1::after` selector.
```
Same as before
